guys are ready to go we have the buzz
versus near Tonopah lamesa la freaky
fred yo sounds the freaky fred the
naughty alright and here we go full game
alright so game one the boo vs. need
some yet to know why did we just say
yeah we said it right we said right in
yet all right and that was a good choice
even after he misses the bear got to
grab again but luma always protecting
his girl oh my gosh the buzz always
surprising us with these luma coverages
yeah and it's almost simply rolling
behind rosalina to get the grab it's a
good choice ebook you went forward
around there he goes oh my gosh but once
as soon as the bus starts seeing it he's
ready he's ready to stop me he woke back
up so very nice luma is offline here the
bus going to play his defensive game
look at that hiding in the shield gonna
run away yeah the buzz is just gonna run
away now maybe a little aggression every
once in a while to mix it up and now
Loomis back this is what he wants and
the buzz was able to take out Vinnie
shika 20 earlier so I wonder how much
different he atone was gonna play this
match up to be able to take it wow i
just realized rosalyn has ninety percent
already yeah the internal building
damage here and there yeah getting this
so it isn't the long strings that were
used to seeing cheek do with all these
for theirs but yet still being very
scrappy and then getting the bouncing
fish merriness i will tell you what most
other sheets do it they do the forward
throw they wait for moving to hit their
shield then they go for something he
immediately went forth before we could
even react yeah very nice many 800 going
once again for the rolls however the bus
still sees through it yeah the bus
putting on that inside pressure there
the jabs into the upper getting that
damage in the bus could bring us back
quite easily considering rosalina scale
power
Oh expected him to jump off the ledge
oh nice nietes nope going in trying to
build this lead haha crawling on the
ground and luma is going now the bus is
gonna have to run away for another
twelve point five seconds good choice Oh
looks like the buzz trying to be a
little bit aggressive look he'll eat
some quick damage for the board smash
land so that was nice the eye out of jab
able to get that F smash after
afterwards Barry clutch okay lumoback
getting or berries that's a cool color
aluma by the way I'll yeah the red it's
actually a hot color yeah and I'll jab
once you have on the character in
between both you could just keep jabbing
yep yeah the exchange from rosalina to
luma very strong and look at the damage
he's already pretty much even against it
so low right now okay it's up we'll roll
man it just shows fighting the buzz is
definitely a battle of attrition yeah
the buzz it's going to play his
defensive game and if you start to crack
them and do unsafe options do unwise
options the bus will make you pay and so
far the buzz punishing anything unsafe
against that shield it's going to look
for the up smash right now as long as we
want to say she knows you can get that
early percent kill top smash will he go
poured again or the F smash that one can
also fill around 80 especially gonna
cheat when you're an Irish but this
might be it can heal and Kenny land
again is really hard as Rosa we know
since she's very floating oh wow
everything oh nice kind of fishing
photos attacks and now Lumas gone she's
gonna have to run away again really hard
the atonal opting not to go off the
stage but he gets the down so yeah that
one frame stuff right there d tilting
real selena as she recovers nice grab
there what can you live wow the buzz
very tricky at the land and getting at
the up smashing misses it f smash hits
me atonal takes the first game
so the buzz he played that patient and
shield game ball game and then finally
cracked went for that up smash was not
able to get it so uh niet snow and he
dug down he dug deep very got that kale
so what do you think was the buzzes
downfall in that type of match I felt
like early on he just let me atonal rack
up too much damage yeah the buzz he
didn't seem to get his bearings quickly
ended up for most of the match though
got comfortable got in the path in the
pocket as they say in football was
really in this comfort zone using that
shield playing that defensive game he
just lost it at the end he stepped out
of himself there went for that that up
smash read which is kind of unlike the
buzz actually to take a risk like that
at high percent yeah but now we're on a
sage that's really good for chaos off
the top and Rosalina going for the UH
pairs and the up smashes is gonna look
for it oh oh my gosh very nice that was
an early KO it's gonna be hard to
imagine it's only bringing his back whoa
wait maybe I spoke too soon that up
smash does hit people almost straight
vertically
okay nice back here but he still did not
get luma off the stage ah very nice but
Loomis scooping up the Antonio before he
can get the follow up did you see that
we did the auto cancel new trailer and
the second hit of Houma comes out so
late like half a second late and it hit
him he tried to grab afterwards good
stuff I the buzz okay well will the buzz
make it back both guys will make it back
here we go we are going on battleship
halberd now Wow Nina tanto being tricky
once again going for the immediate fair
Kenny what is going on down there oh
well the camera and that's gonna be a KO
yep down smash will come out I noticed
that when both players they go for the
full jab they get some damage but as
soon as the person rolls behind her
escapes immediately get scaled so they
might want to be a little less risky at
high ever since oh oh oh I nieto know
getting that damage in only nineteen
percent now 27 the claw wow so inspector
gadget and it's my being up there good
choice bouncing fish bright out of the
way one of the best ways to get away
with chic Kenny
Wow the buzz get in that jab but not all
of it nice good trap there and gets up
there oh my goodness me it's almost
going for it all oh my gosh is that in
the morning is Nia tone oh so much wow
he got destroyed it's very stock yeah
like it was double up there off the top
um now is it he atonal I'm actually kind
of shocked that it ended like that yeah
it's almost showing why he's one of the
very few people sponsored from Japan